hi there my name is Gary Shapiro we're
in Toronto Ontario Canada and if you're
viewing this you obviously have an
interest in vintage Cadillacs we'll have
a treat for you today this is my
personal 1970 Cadillac deville
convertible an $80,000 museum quality
concours restoration has been performed
on this car the car is driven less than
1,000 miles in the last seven years it
has 50,000 original miles on title paint
chrome a brand new white power roof with
a glass rear window am/fm stereo air
cruise power seats a fully carpeted
trunk dual side mirrors cadillac floor
mats with crests the car has an option
in 1970 of a power trunk with the
automatic pulldown it's equipped with
the Cadillac 472 cubic inch v8 putting
out 375 horsepower this was the most
powerful engine in North America at the
time Cadillac was known as the standard
of the world if you wanted the best you
drove a Cadillac in those days
1970 was the best sales year ever for
Cadillac over two hundred and
thirty-eight thousand units were sold as
I mentioned before over eighty thousand
dollars was put into this car we're
asking sixty four thousand nine hundred
this is definitely not the least
expensive Cadillac for sale but it is
far beyond the best so if you simply
want the best that's available in the
market today in an appreciating classic
this could be the car for you I can be
reached at four one six three four six
zero zero seven seven we'll put our
email address up on the site so you can
contact us that way to again thank you
for taking a few minutes to look at the
video I hope you enjoy it bye
you